Subject: Message from Zhejiang Gongshang University: We want you

Dear Dr. XXX,
 
 
Greetings from International Business School of Zhejiang Gongshang University.
 
Our school is searching for talents in social sciences discipline. We found your contact information from the "job market candidates" on the website of your university. From the information, we think your research direction is in line with the academic development of our school. We sincerely hope that you could join our school or recommend some scholars or PhD candidates to our school.
 
We will offer competitive salary around RMB 200,000 to 500,000 per annum and commensurate with qualifications and experience. Up to RMB 50,000 startup research funding in the three-year contract period and be supported in applications of national and local research funding and talent programs. What's more, living allowance and subsidized campus housing will be provided.
 
Established in 1911, Zhejiang Gongshang University (ZJSU) is one of the earliest business schools in China directly appointed by the Ministry of Commerce, China. Now it has developed into a leading university in Zhejiang province, a recently fast-developing region focusing on internationalization of education. ZJSU specializes in the field of Business, Finance and Management, and ranks No. 7 among the university specialized in economics and management. Now ZJSU has attained a glorious record of rankings among over 2000 universities and universities in diversified areas of study:
 
* Ranked 4th in Statistics and Food Science
* Ranked 5th in Logistics
* Ranked 6th in Human Resource Management
* Ranked 10th in Marketing
* Ranked 28th in Economics
* Ranked 35th in Business Administration
 
International Business School (IBS), an affiliate college of the Zhejiang Gongshang University, is a platform to attract intellects from home and abroad; a base to cultivate international talents; an institution devoted to high-level research; an entity to seek international collaboration with overseas universities and research institutes on behalf of the University. Taking the internationalization as the core competitiveness, the innovation as the driving force, we aim to forge an IBS brand by combining the characteristics of Zhejiang Province with the internationalization. We are working in partnership with world-renowned universities and various business organizations to cultivate talents and contribute to the thriving local economy of Zhejiang Province and its surrounding regions.
 
Please do not be hesitate to contact me if any information needed.
Thank you and looking forward to hearing from you!
 
I am sorry for disturbing you. Our school will not use your personal information for other purposes and keep it from leakage.
 
Tao Jiang  PhD MS BS
Professor in Statistics and Management
Dean of International Business School
International Business School, Zhejiang Gongshang University, Hangzhou, P.R.C
E: recruit.ibs@zjgsu.edu.cn   T: +86-571-28008615  

 
 
